


Beautiful Soup: We called him Tortoise because he taught us.








You didn't write that awful page. You're just trying to get some
data out of it. Beautiful Soup is here to help. Since 2004, it's been
saving programmers hours or days of work on quick-turnaround
screen scraping projects.

Beautiful Soup
"A tremendous boon." -- Python411
Podcast
[ Download | Documentation | Hall of Fame | Source | Discussion group ]
If Beautiful Soup has saved you a lot of time and money, the
best way to pay me back is to check out Constellation
Games, my sci-fi novel about alien video games.You can
read
the first two chapters for free, and the full novel starts at 5
USD. Thanks! 
If you have questions, send them to the discussion
group. If you find a bug, file it.
Beautiful Soup is a Python library designed for quick turnaround
projects like screen-scraping. Three features make it powerful:


Beautiful Soup provides a few simple methods and Pythonic idioms
for navigating, searching, and modifying a parse tree: a toolkit for
dissecting a document and extracting what you need. It doesn't take
much code to write an application

Beautiful Soup automatically converts incoming documents to
Unicode and outgoing documents to UTF-8. You don't have to think
about encodings, unless the document doesn't specify an encoding and
Beautiful Soup can't detect one. Then you just have to specify the
original encoding.

Beautiful Soup sits on top of popular Python parsers like lxml and html5lib, allowing you
to try out different parsing strategies or trade speed for
flexibility.


Beautiful Soup parses anything you give it, and does the tree
traversal stuff for you. You can tell it "Find all the links", or
"Find all the links of class externalLink", or "Find all the
links whose urls match "foo.com", or "Find the table heading that's
got bold text, then give me that text."

Valuable data that was once locked up in poorly-designed websites
is now within your reach. Projects that would have taken hours take
only minutes with Beautiful Soup.

Interested? Read more.
Download Beautiful Soup
The current release is Beautiful Soup
4.3.2 (October 2, 2013). You can install it with pip install
beautifulsoup4 or easy_install
beautifulsoup4. It's also available as the
python-beautifulsoup4 package in recent versions of
Debian, Ubuntu, and Fedora .

Beautiful Soup 4 works on both Python 2 (2.6+) and Python 3.

Beautiful Soup is licensed under the MIT license, so you can also
download the tarball, drop the bs4/ directory into almost
any Python application (or into your library path) and start using it
immediately. (If you want to do this under Python 3, you will need to
manually convert the code using 2to3.)

Beautiful Soup 3
Beautiful Soup 3 was the official release line of Beautiful Soup
from May 2006 to March 2012. It is considered stable, and only
critical bugs will be fixed. Here's
the Beautiful Soup 3 documentation.
Beautiful Soup 3 works only under Python 2.x. It is licensed under
the same license as Python itself.

The current release of Beautiful Soup 3 is 3.2.1 (February 16,
2012). You can install Beautiful Soup 3 with pip install
BeautifulSoup or easy_install BeautifulSoup. It's
also available as python-beautifulsoup in Debian and
Ubuntu, and as python-BeautifulSoup in Fedora.

You can also download the tarball and use
BeautifulSoup.py in your project directly.


Hall of Fame
Over the years, Beautiful Soup has been used in hundreds of
different projects. There's no way I can list them all, but I do want
to highlight a few high-profile projects. Beautiful Soup isn't what
makes these projects interesting, but it did make their completion easier:


"Movable
 Type", a work of digital art on display in the lobby of the New
 York Times building, uses Beautiful Soup to scrape news feeds.

Reddit uses Beautiful Soup to parse
a page that's been linked to and find a representative image.

Alexander Harrowell uses Beautiful Soup to track the business
 activities of an arms merchant.

The developers of Python itself used Beautiful Soup to migrate the Python
bug tracker from Sourceforge to Roundup.

The Lawrence Journal-World
uses Beautiful Soup to gather
statewide election results.

The NOAA's Forecast
Applications Branch uses Beautiful Soup in TopoGrabber, a script for
downloading "high resolution USGS datasets."


If you've used Beautiful Soup in a project you'd like me to know
about, please do send email to me or the discussion
group.

Development
Development happens at Launchpad. You can get the source
code or file
bugs.
This document (source) is part of Crummy, the webspace of Leonard Richardson (contact information). It was last modified on Tuesday, May 27 2014, 10:05:41 Nowhere Standard Time and last built on Saturday, November 15 2014, 18:00:03 Nowhere Standard Time.Crummy is © 1996-2014 Leonard Richardson. Unless otherwise noted, all text licensed under a Creative Commons License.Document tree:
http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/




Site Search:







